meta: Create Pull Request Template (#86)
snugnug/hjem-rum: .github/pull_request_template.md

[This is a comment]::
[The body goes below]::

### Meta
[Please mention related issues if applicable]::
Related Issue(s): \<None\>

[We do not currently have a policy against AI-generated code, but we ask you to disclose the usage of AI for code generation]::

> [This is to make sure the code quality is up to standard]::

Reviewer: This doesn't seem necessary.

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with Lunar that it's not necessary. It feels like it muddies our message.

> AI used to generate code included in this PR?: Yes/No

Reviewer 2: For clarity, I would say it as: `Check this box if you used AI for generating code included in this PR`. Although honestly, I'm not sure about a checkbox here - checkboxes are typically used for things that "should be done" before making a PR, and I think some people might absentmindedly check it, or think they should be using AI, when we're just trying to promote disclosure.

> AI used to generate code included in this PR?: Yes/No

Reviewer: Okay, I agree

> AI used to generate code included in this PR?: Yes/No

Author: So, do I put a checkbox or no? If you want to protect against absentminded checkbox-checking, we could also add a negative checkbox. I.e. `Check this box if you don't read what youre checking and / or wish for this pull request to get closed immediately`

> [Checklist]::
> [Is the commit message formatted according to the guidelines specified in CONTRIBUTING.md?  ]::
> [Did you fill in all meta items?   ]::
> [If this PR is a draft and blocked by something, did you mention that in the body? ]::

Reviewer: This would be better as an actual checklist. I'd also add stuff on specific module tests.
```suggestion
### All Submissions:
 - [ ] Formatted commit message in accordance with CONTRIBUTING.md guidelines
 - [ ] Filled in all meta items
 - [ ] Mentioned any blockers before the PR can merge
 - [ ] Verified there are no conflicting PRs open
 
 ### New Module Submissions:
 - [ ] Followed the general API laid out in CONTRIBUTING.md
 - [ ] Wrote tests (or expressed a need for help on tests)
```

Author: The reason I made the checklist as comments is because there is no need for it to be visible in the rendered markdown, it exists purely to assist the reviewee during the pull-request creation process
